So what was the next step then? You went on this first date. What happened after that?
What can I think?
I think it took quite a while after that, which was about two months to come to the decision that actually...
Yeah, we love each other, let's make this happen.
So was that a decision that you made together or was it something you talked to friends about or how did that come about for each of you?
I can't really think why you talk some loli truth.
I can't really think how it actually all came together.
Did you talk to anyone about it, either of you?
I think I remember at the time my parents were really supportive of us two together.
I think that was really nice, that first date that my mum and dad were like, wow, sorry, give me your best for this.
Really wanting it to resonate with me.
I think having supportive friends and people around you is really, really nice.
Have they met Simon before?
Yes, quite a lot. My sister had as well.
That first date?
Yes.
So they all knew him before?
They all knew how much I loved Simon as well, I think, from almost straight away.
They've always been rooting, I think.
And seeing us in the Odyssey show together, I think as well, when we've got people coming to see us performing,
and seeing how much we enjoy that side of things as well, I think that's always quite nice as well.
When you've got people who come to enjoy a Christmas show, suddenly you're like, oh, okay, I think...
Odyssey brings people together all the time.
We're really close as a unit, close as friends, and it does bring people closer.
Odyssey was really helpful, because not only did I probably get to know Simon,
but we've gotten to know so many people throughout the whole decade that we've been there, that we've both been there.